Wait a minute, why are you afraid and ask for mercy?
Excuse me
This five-star banquet hall is set by us.
Why do you say we impersonated him?
Robbed his birthday party again?
You're still here?
I finally know what Shangliang Buzheng means
The lower beam is crooked.
This is called a dragon
The daughter of the phoenix rat can punch holes
Hehe uncle
It just so happens that he also has a birthday today.
Also called Zhenzhen
He insisted on saying that this was their decision.
I explained everything to him and he just wouldn't listen
Well, I really haven't seen it.
Someone who feels so good about themselves
I feel good about myself.
Xu Wanwan, open your dog eyes and see clearly
I am the only daughter of the president of the Hong Zhenzhen Suzaku Association
And he's a dead cripple
His father is a stall selling food stalls
Who among us can afford a banquet hall like this?
You can see it at a glance.
The daughter Hong Daying was talking about last night
It's your dad.
You met my father?
More than knowing
Your father kowtowed to uncle last night
Said he wanted to save his life for his daughter's birthday
Uncle is letting him go
Xu Wanwan, if you talk nonsense again, tear your mouth apart.
Xu Wanwan
You even dare to choreograph the president of the Vermilion Bird Club
You don't want to die
Zhenzhen was also arguing at the time
If you don't believe me, ask him.
I know you're the daughter of a mob boss
I didn't dare to resist when I was bullied before
But now it seems
Your father is far worse than my father
Pardon me?